# InEight Connector
InEight Connector provides an API to work with InEight objects.

## Publisher: InEight

## Prerequisites
You will need the following to proceed:
* Access to the InEight Cloud platform
* An Azure subscription

## Using the connector
The InEight cloud platform APIs are secured by Azure Active Directory (AD) so, you first need to set up a user account with the required permissions in the cloud platform. This allows InEight connectors to access the InEight cloud platform securely.

### User account:
A valid user account is required to create a connection and use the InEight connector. Work with administrator to set up a user account to access the InEight cloud platform.

### Tenant Prefix:
This is part of the environment url.

Example:
- Environment url: [customer].hds.ineight.com
- Tenant Prefix: [customer]

### Ocp-Apim Subscription Key:
Work with an administrator to get subscription key.

## Supported Operations
The connector supports the following operations:
​
* `DailyPlan_Get`: Allows user to export all approved daily plans from Project Suite into their internal System of Record.
* `DailyPlanStatus_Import`: Allows user to import confirmation from an external source, into Project Suite for all received daily plans.
* `TimeCard_Get`: Allows user to export all submitted time cards from Project Suite into their internal System of Record.
* `TimeCardConfirmation_Import`: Allows user to import confirmation for  all received time cards from an external source into Project Suite.
* `Crafts_Import`: Allows customers to maintain a complete list of crafts or individual records as a part of the master list.
* `Employees_Import`: Allows customers to maintain a complete master list of all employee resources for their entire organization.
* `Equipments_Import`: Allows customers to import a complete list of equipment master data that can be used on any given project.
* `EquipmentCategories_Import`: Allows an external system to import  a master list of Equipment Categories in the InEight cloud platform.
* `EquipmentTypes_Import`: Allows an external system to import  a master list of Equipment Types in the InEight cloud platform.
* `Roles_Import`: Allows customers to create roles in bulk with default permissions.
* `Trades_Import`: Allows customers to import a complete list of trades or individual trade records as maintenance of the master list.
* `Users_Import`: Allows customers to maintain information about the people that have login credentials and access to the InEight cloud platform from a third-party system.
* `UserRoles_Import`: Allows customers to maintain users roles in bulk.
* `PurchaseOrder_Import`: Allows customers to receive updated information about contract details based on the creation of a Purchase Order (Response). The Response message may also be used to provide status updates for the Purchase Order as it moves from request to payment within the external system.
* `PaymentRequest_Import`: Allows customers to provide confirmation of receipt of the payment request and optional status updates of the payment until it has been fully processed. It also allows customers to post invoice details along with invoice payment details directly from external system without creating payment request in project suite.
* `GoodsReceipt_Import`: Allows customers to Import goods receipt data for their organization.
* `ContractTax_Import`: Allows customers to Import Contract Tax data for their organization before publishing the actual contract. This integration receives the total tax and breakdown of tax codes and amounts for a contract.
* `StorageLocations_Import`: Allows customers to Import customers to Import Storage Locations data for their organization. This integration allows the selectable list of Storage Locations to be created and maintained for use the in the Contracts application.
* `ProjectShippingAddress_Import`: Allows customers to Import Project Shipping data for their organization. This integration creates and maintains shipping address information for a Project using Contracts.
* `LegalEntities_Import`: Allows customers to Import Legal Entities data for their organization. Legal Entities represent business units within a company that may be used for billing purposes within Contracts. This integration allows creation and management of selectable Legal Entities within the Contracts application.
* `ProjectLegalEntity_Import`: Allows customers to Import Project Legal Entity data for their organization. This integration associates Legal Entity records to a Project and sets the Plant relationship for use in Contracts.
* `ProjectStorageLocation_Import`: Allows customers to Import Project Storage Location data for their organization. This integration creates Plant and Storage Location information for a Project using Contracts.
* `Plants_Import`: Allows customers to Import Plants data for their organization. Plants are used for ordering of materials. This integration allows the list of selectable Plants to be created and managed for use within the Contracts application.
* `ContractEquipment_Import`: Allows customers to Import Contract Equipment data for their organization. This integration allows an ERP system to match equipment details to equipment inventory. If the equipment used in a line item exists in external system, then the contract details are attached for that equipment. If not, the external system creates new equipment based on the information passed via integration. The new equipment details are sent to the InEight cloud platform for project equipment assignment.
* `ContractAccrualResponse_Import`: Allows customers to Import Accrual Request (Response) data for their organization. Accrual allows to record goods or services received but not yet invoiced against the contract. A user in the InEight cloud platform can capture the details and request a system of record, such as an ERP, to create an accrual transaction. The response to this request is handled by the Accrual Response integration.
* `Invoices_Import`: Allows customers to Import invoices for their organization. Plants are used for ordering of materials. This integration allows vendors that are users to post invoices to InEight Contract that can then be used in Payment Request and submitted to external system for processing. The invoices posted are shown in the Invoice Register as unassigned invoices.
* `Contacts_Import`: Allows customers to create and maintain their master list of contacts that may be used for various business functions within several InEight cloud applications. Using this API new contacts can be added and existing contacts can be updated. The adds and updates are automatically published (instead of being staged) and therefore immediately available for use in InEight cloud applications.
* `CostCenter_Import`: Allows customers to import a third-party financial system to maintain a list of Cost Centers within InEight.
* `AccountCode_Import`: Allows customers to create and maintain their master list of account codes that may be used for various business functions within several InEight cloud applications.  New account codes and updates to account codes performed using this API are automatically published (instead of being staged) and therefore immediately available for use in InEight cloud applications.Initial Application Version: 20.4 Last Application Version: 
* `AccountingLedger_Import`: Allows customers to import a set of financial transactions from the General Ledger into the InEight cloud platform.
* `Users_Delete`: Allows customers to delete one or multiple records using External System programmatically or through APIM manually. The 'Deletion' is effected by setting the 'IsActive' Flag to 'False'. Any system records used to authenticate the user against Active Directory (Login User table) is cleared out. The deletion is available irrespective of user's status as active or inactive. There is no restriction on the number of users who can be deleted through a bulk Delete transaction. There is validation in place to ensure that a user cannot delete their own record.
* `IncoTerms_Import`: Allows customers to import their IncoTerms rules into Suite. IncoTerms standards have been set by the International Chamber of Commerce. They define the rules that must be followed by buyers and sellers involved in international contracts.
* `Markets_Import`: Allows customers to create and maintain their master list of Markets that may be used for various business functions within several InEight cloud applications. Using this API new Markets can be added and existing Markets can be updated. The adds and updates are automatically published (instead of being staged) and therefore immediately available for use in InEight cloud applications.
* `MaterialCharacteristicType_Import`: This integration is part of the Materials integrations that allows third-parties to maintain a master list of all materials, classifications, and pre-defined attributes of materials used for Contracts and Purchasing.
* `MaterialClass_Import`: This integration is part of the Materials integrations that allows third-parties to maintain a master list of all materials, classifications, and pre-defined attributes of materials used for Contracts and Purchasing.
* `MaterialGroup_Import`: This integration is part of the Materials integrations that allows third-parties to maintain a master list of all materials, classifications, and pre-defined attributes of materials used for Contracts and Purchasing
* `Material_Import`: This integration is part of the Materials integrations that allows third-parties to maintain a master list of all materials, classifications, and pre-defined attributes of materials used for Contracts and Purchasing.
* `MaterialSet_Import`: This integration is part of the Materials integrations that allows third-parties to maintain a master list of all materials, classifications, and pre-defined attributes of materials used for Contracts and Purchasing.
* `Organizations_Import`: Allows customers to create and manage the full Organization heirarchical structure, which Projects are assigned to, from a thirdparty sytem such as an ERP.
* `PaymentTerm_Import`: Allows customers to import their Payment Terms into the InEight cloud platform. Payment terms define the standards which are followed when paying contractor's invoices. It can contain terms such as period betwen 2 payments, discounts, advance payments etc.
* `ProjectContacts_Import`: Allows customers to assign contacts to projects. Using this API new contacts can be added and existing contacts can be unassigned to projects. Every contact in the Project Contacts API must already exist in InEight as part of the master list of all contacts for the customer (see 'Contacts_Import' for details).​ Initial Application Version: 20.11​ Last Application Version.
* `ProjectCraft_Import`: Allows customers to associate a specific craft and rate with an employee at a specific project.
* `ProjectEmployeeBillingClasses_Import`: Allows customers to create and maintain their master list of employee billing classes that may be used for various business functions within several InEight cloud applications. Using this API new employee billing classes can be added and existing employee billing classes can be updated. The adds and updates are automatically published (instead of being staged) and therefore immediately available for use in InEight cloud applications. ​Initial Application Version: 21.3​ Last Application Version 
* `ProjectEmployees_Import`: Allows customers to provide a specific list of employees that will be available for use as a resource on a specific project. This list can be managed via the integration as employees come and go from the project, and details such as estimated personal pay rates change. Every employee in the Project Employees Integration must already exist in InEight as part of the master list of all employees for the customer (see 'Employees_Import' for details). Within the application, ProjectEmployee records are found in the Project level menu options under 'Project' > 'Assigned operational resources'. First supported application version: 18.1 Last supported application version:
* `ProjectEquipmentBillingClasses_Import`: Allows customers to create and maintain their master list of Equipment billing classes that may be used for various business functions within several InEight cloud applications. Using this API new Equipment billing classes can be added and existing Equipment billing classes can be updated. The adds and updates are automatically published (instead of being staged) and therefore immediately available for use in InEight cloud applications.
* `ProjectEquipments_Import`: Allows customers to provide InEight a list of specific Equipment that is usable within a Project. Records sent in this integration must match the Master Equipment records for the customer (see Equipments_Import for details). Within the application, ProjectEquipment records are found in the Project level menu options under 'Project' > 'Assigned operational resources'. First supported application version: 18.1 Last supported application version:  
* `ProjectEquipmentType_Import`: Allows customers to maintain specific rates for equipment types on a specified project.
* `Project_Import`: Allows new projects to be created within InEight. In earlier releases of InEight, maintenance of projects for status changes, dates and other project data was done manually through the Core product user interface (UI). First supported application version: 18.3​ Last supported application version:
* `ProjectSettings_Import`: Allows GET/SET of project settings that include Project Global Options, Project Information Attriibutes, Project Fuel Types and Project Custom Lists. In earlier releases, changes to Project Settings was only possible through UI. Initial Application Version: 20.11 Last Application Version:
* `ProjectVendors_Import`: Allows customers to assign vendors to projects. Using this API new vendors can be added and existing vendors can be unassigned to projects. Every vendor in the Project Vendors API must already exist in InEight as part of the master list of all vendors for the customer (see 'Vendors_Import' for details). Initial Application Version: 22.2​ Last Application Version: 
* `Union_Import`: Allows a customer to maintain a master list of Unions in InEight. Unions can be associated with Employees and Crafts at either the Account (all projects), or specified Project levels. These associations can be created and maintained either in their own (separate) integrations, or through the InEight cloud platform UI.
* `Vendors_Import`: Allows customers to maintain a master list of all the Vendors that can be used within any project.
* `AccountCode_Get`: Allows customers to read and export information regarding their master list of account codes, from Suite into their internal systems. It helps customers maintain their master list of account codes that may be used for various business functions within several InEight cloud applications. The AccountCode_Import API, which is the inbound version of this GET API is used to create new account codes and update existing account codes.
* `Contacts_Get`: Allows customers to read and export information regarding their master list of contacts, from Suite into their internal systems.  It helps customers maintain their master list of contacts that may be used for various business functions within several InEight cloud applications. They can also query the APIM for contacts by their SSID, name, company or other contact details.
* `Country_Get`: Allows customers to read and export information about list of all countries available for use in InEight cloud applications. The response may be optionally expanded to include the translated country names for all languages currently supported by InEight cloud. A successful response for this request will be "202 Accepted" and include a "Location" property containing an address where a JSON file containing the requested records may be downloaded. Processing the successful request is handled as an asynchronous event and the file may take up to a couple of minutes to become available. Poll the address provided in the "Location" until receiving a "200" response indicating the presence of the file. The API returns a maximum of 500 records for each request. If the resulting JSON file contains exactly 500 records, continue to make subsequent requests using "$skip" until the record count falls below 500. First supported application version: 19.9​ Last supported application version: 
* `Crafts_Get`: Allows customers to read and export information about list of all employee crafts available for use in InEight cloud applications. A successful response for this request will be "202 Accepted" and include a "Location" property containing an address where a JSON file containing the requested records may be downloaded. Processing the successful request is handled as an asynchronous event and the file may take up to a couple of minutes to become available. Poll the address provided in the "Location" until receiving a "200" response indicating the presence of the file. The API returns a maximum of 500 records for each request. If the resulting JSON file contains exactly 500 records, continue to make subsequent requests using "$skip" until the record count falls below 500. ​First supported application version: 19.9 ​Last supported application version:
* `Currencies_Get`: Allows customers to read and export information about list of all currencies available for use in InEight cloud applications. A successful response for this request will be "202 Accepted" and include a "Location" property containing an address where a JSON file containing the requested records may be downloaded. Processing the successful request is handled as an asynchronous event and the file may take up to a couple of minutes to become available. Poll the address provided in the "Location" until receiving a "200" response indicating the presence of the file. The API returns a maximum of 500 records for each request. If the resulting JSON file contains exactly 500 records, continue to make subsequent requests using "$skip" until the record count falls below 500. First supported application version: 19.9​ Last supported application version: 
* `Employees_Get`: Allows customers to read and export information about list of all Employee records created in InEight for use in any project. Within the application, Employee records are found in the Account level menu options under 'Master data libraries' > 'Operational resources'. A successful response for this request will be '202 Accepted' and include a 'Location' element providing an address where a JSON file containing the requested records may be downloaded. Processing the successful request is handled as an asynchronous event and the file may take up to a couple of minutes to become available. Poll the address provided in the 'Location' until receiving a '200' response including the file. Please note that the field 'EmployeePIN' will only return encrypted values for the protection and security of private information. The API returns a maximum of 500 records for each request. If the resulting JSON file contains exactly 500 records, continue to make subsequent requests using $skip until the record count falls below 500. First supported application version: 19.1 Last supported application version:  
* `Equipment_Get`: Allows customers to read and export information about list of all Equipment records created in InEight for use in any project. Within the application, Equipment records are found in the Account level menu options under 'Master data libraries' > 'Operational resources'. A successful response for this request will be '202 Accepted' and include a 'Location' element providing an address where a JSON file containing the requested records may be downloaded. Processing the successful request is handled as an asynchronous event and the file may take up to a couple of minutes to become available. Poll the address provided in the 'Location' until receiving a '200' response including the file.​ The API returns a maximum of 500 records for each request. If the resulting JSON file contains exactly 500 records, continue to make subsequent requests using $skip until the record count falls below 500. First supported application version: 19.1​ ​Last supported application version:  
* `EquipmentCategories_Get`: Allows customers to read and export information about list of all equipment categories available for use in InEight cloud applications. A successful response for this request will be "202 Accepted" and include a "Location" property containing an address where a JSON file containing the requested records may be downloaded. Processing the successful request is handled as an asynchronous event and the file may take up to a couple of minutes to become available. Poll the address provided in the "Location" until receiving a "200" response indicating the presence of the file. The API returns a maximum of 500 records for each request. If the resulting JSON file contains exactly 500 records, continue to make subsequent requests using "$skip" until the record count falls below 500. First supported application version: 19.9​ Last supported application version: 
* `EquipmentTypes_Get`: Returns a full list of all equipment types available for use in InEight cloud applications. A successful response for this request will be "202 Accepted" and include a "Location" property containing an address where a JSON file containing the requested records may be downloaded. Processing the successful request is handled as an asynchronous event and the file may take up to a couple of minutes to become available. Poll the address provided in the "Location" until receiving a "200" response indicating the presence of the file. The API returns a maximum of 500 records for each request. If the resulting JSON file contains exactly 500 records, continue to make subsequent requests using "$skip" until the record count falls below 500.​ First supported application version: 19.9​  Last supported application version: 
* `Languages_Get`: Returns a full list of all languages available for use in InEight cloud applications. A successful response for this request will be "202 Accepted" and include a "Location" property containing an address where a JSON file containing the requested records may be downloaded. Processing the successful request is handled as an asynchronous event and the file may take up to a couple of minutes to become available. Poll the address provided in the "Location" until receiving a "200" response indicating the presence of the file. The API returns a maximum of 500 records for each request. If the resulting JSON file contains exactly 500 records, continue to make subsequent requests using "$skip" until the record count falls below 500.​ First supported application version: 19.9​ Last supported application version:  
* `Markets_Get`: This API allows customers to read and export information regarding their master list of markets , from Suite into their internal systems.  It helps customers maintain their master list of markets that may be used for various business functions within several InEight cloud applications. They can also query the APIM for markets by their SSID, name, company or other market details.
* `Organizations_Get`: Returns a full list of the full organization hierarchical structure available for use in InEight cloud applications. A successful response for this request will be "202 Accepted" and include a "Location" property containing an address where a JSON file containing the requested records may be downloaded. Processing the successful request is handled as an asynchronous event and the file may take up to a couple of minutes to become available. Poll the address provided in the "Location" until receiving a "200" response indicating the presence of the file. The API returns a maximum of 500 records for each request. If the resulting JSON file contains exactly 500 records, continue to make subsequent requests using "$skip" until the record count falls below 500. First supported application version: 19.9 Last supported application version:  
* `ProjectContacts_Get`: This API provides list of contacts assigned to a project. In the Project Suite they're found in Project -> Assigned contacts Initial Application Version: 20.11 Last Application Version: 
* `ProjectEmployeeBillingClasses_Get`: This API allows customers to read and export information regarding their master list of employee billing classes, from Suite into their internal systems. It helps customers maintain their master list of employee billing classes that may be used for various business functions within several InEight cloud applications. They can also query the APIM for employee by their SSID, name or other employee billing class details.​ Initial Application Version: 21.3 Last Application Version: 
* `ProjectEmployees_Get`: Provides the full list of employees assigned to a specified project, and all details about the assignment. Within the application, ProjectEmployee records are found in the Project level menu options under 'Project' > 'Assigned operational resources'. A successful response for this request will be '202 Accepted' and include a 'Location' element providing an address where a JSON file containing the requested records may be downloaded. Processing the successful request is handled as an asynchronous event and the file may take up to a couple of minutes to become available. Poll the address provided in the 'Location' until receiving a '200' response including the file.​ The API returns a maximum of 500 records for each request. If the resulting JSON file contains exactly 500 records, continue to make subsequent requests using $skip until the record count falls below 500. First supported application version: 19.1 Last supported application version:  
* `ProjectEquipmentBillingClasses_Get`: This API allows customers to read and export information regarding their master list of equipment billing classes, from Suite into their internal systems. It helps customers maintain their master list of equipment billing classes that may be used for various business functions within several InEight cloud applications. They can also query the APIM for equipment by their SSID, name or other equipment billing class details. Initial Application Version: 21.3​ Last Application Version: 
* `ProjectEquipments_Get`: Provides the full list of equipment assigned to a specified project, and all details about the assignment. Within the application ProjectEquipment records are found in the Project level menu options under 'Project' > 'Assigned operational resources'. A successful response for this request will be '202 Accepted' and include a 'Location' element providing an address where a JSON file containing the requested records may be downloaded. Processing the successful request is handled as an asynchronous event and the file may take up to a couple of minutes to become available. Poll the address provided in the 'Location' until receiving a '200' response including the file. The API returns a maximum of 500 records for each request. If the resulting JSON file contains exactly 500 records, continue to make subsequent requests using $skip until the record count falls below 500. First supported application version: 19.1 Last supported application version:  
* `Projects_Get`: Returns a full list of all projects available for use in InEight cloud applications. A successful response for this request will be "202 Accepted" and include a "Location" property containing an address where a JSON file containing the requested records may be downloaded. Processing the successful request is handled as an asynchronous event and the file may take up to a couple of minutes to become available. Poll the address provided in the "Location" until receiving a "200" response indicating the presence of the file.  The API returns a maximum of 500 records for each request. If the resulting JSON file contains exactly 500 records, continue to make subsequent requests using "$skip" until the record count falls below 500.  First supported application version: 19.9​  Last supported application version: 
* `ProjectSettings_Get`: The ProjectSettings_Get Integration allows EXPORT of project settings that include Project Global Options, Project Information Attriibutes, Project Fuel Types and Project Custom Lists. In earlier releases, changes to Project Settings was only possible through UI. Please note that each 'GET' export will include ALL Settings details for each project that is requested: i.e. Global Options, Fuel Types and Custom Lists. Also, other selective filtering parameters like $select , $count, $top, $skip....etc won't work with this API. Initial Application Version: 21.1 Last Application Version:
* `ProjectVendors_Get`: This API provides list of vendors assigned to a project. In the Project Suite they're found in Project -> Assigned vendors Initial Application Version: 22.2​ Last Application Version: 
* `Regions_Get`: Returns a list of all region codes available for use in InEight cloud applications. A successful response for this request will be "202 Accepted" and include a "Location" property containing an address where a JSON file containing the requested records may be downloaded. Processing the successful request is handled as an asynchronous event and the file may take up to a couple of minutes to become available. Poll the address provided in the "Location" until receiving a "200" response indicating the presence of the file.  The API returns a maximum of 500 records for each request. If the resulting JSON file contains exactly 500 records, continue to make subsequent requests using "$skip" until the record count falls below 500.  First supported application version: 19.9​  Last supported application version: 
* `Roles_Get`: This integration allows customers to query and export their master list of Roles that may be used for various business functions within several InEight cloud applications. They can also query the APIM for roles by their SourceSystemId, RoleName or other role details. First supported application version: 21.7 Last supported application version: 
* `TimeZone_Get`: Returns a full list of all time zones available for use in InEight cloud applications. A successful response for this request will be "202 Accepted" and include a "Location" property containing an address where a JSON file containing the requested records may be downloaded. Processing the successful request is handled as an asynchronous event and the file may take up to a couple of minutes to become available. Poll the address provided in the "Location" until receiving a "200" response indicating the presence of the file. The API returns a maximum of 500 records for each request. If the resulting JSON file contains exactly 500 records, continue to make subsequent requests using "$skip" until the record count falls below 500.  First supported application version: 19.9​  Last supported application version: 
* `Trades_Get`: Returns a full list of all employee trades available for use in InEight cloud applications. A successful response for this request will be "202 Accepted" and include a "Location" property containing an address where a JSON file containing the requested records may be downloaded. Processing the successful request is handled as an asynchronous event and the file may take up to a couple of minutes to become available. Poll the address provided in the "Location" until receiving a "200" response indicating the presence of the file.  The API returns a maximum of 500 records for each request. If the resulting JSON file contains exactly 500 records, continue to make subsequent requests using "$skip" until the record count falls below 500.  First supported application version: 19.9​  Last supported application version: 
* `UOMs_Get`: Returns a full list of all Units of Measure available for use in InEight cloud applications. A successful response for this request will be "202 Accepted" and include a "Location" property containing an address where a JSON file containing the requested records may be downloaded. Processing the successful request is handled as an asynchronous event and the file may take up to a couple of minutes to become available. Poll the address provided in the "Location" until receiving a "200" response indicating the presence of the file.  The API returns a maximum of 500 records for each request. If the resulting JSON file contains exactly 500 records, continue to make subsequent requests using "$skip" until the record count falls below 500.  First supported application version: 19.9​  Last supported application version: 
* `Users_Get`: The Users_Get Integration allows customers to query and export user lists from InEight into their internal systems. The user records in these lists can then be modified and re-imported into Suite through Users_Import API First supported application version: 21.7​ Last supported application version: 
* `Vendors_Get`: Returns a full list of all vendors available for use in InEight cloud applications. A successful response for this request will be "202 Accepted" and include a "Location" property containing an address where a JSON file containing the requested records may be downloaded. Processing the successful request is handled as an asynchronous event and the file may take up to a couple of minutes to become available. Poll the address provided in the "Location" until receiving a "200" response indicating the presence of the file. The API returns a maximum of 500 records for each request. If the resulting JSON file contains exactly 500 records, continue to make subsequent requests using "$skip" until the record count falls below 500.  First supported application version: 19.9​  Last supported application version: 

