# IN-D KYC India Connector

IN-D KYC India Connector helps users to classify all Indian ID documents such as Aadhaar, PAN, Voter ID, Driving License etc., and extracts the useful attributes from the documents smartly. This adds more intelligence to your KYC flow or wherever you need build trust such as client onboarding, employee onboarding, and onboarding of different parties in a Shared Economy.

## Pre-requisites

You will need the following to proceed

• Active Microsoft Power Automate, Power Apps, Logic Apps account <br />
• You need an API key to access the connector which you can get from IN-D One portal. 

### Supported Operations

• ID Document Classification : Classifies the ID documents by document type.<br />
• ID Document Classification & Extraction : Classifies the ID documents by document type and extracts only the useful attributes
  smartly from the ID document.<br />
• ID Document Classification & Extraction (with Govt DB Validation) : Classifies the ID documents by document type and extracts only the useful attributes
  smartly from the ID document. The extracted attributes are then validated against the Govt
  Database.

#### How to get credentials

For accessing the connector, you need an API Key which can be obtained from our portal (one.in-d.ai). Register your company to create an account. Login and you can always get your API Key generated by clicking Generate button under the KYC product. By default each Key only have 1000 credit points that you can utilize to test the solution. For official implementation and support drop a mail to explore@in-d.ai. We will connect with you in next 24 hours.


