# IN-D Insurance (ICD10 & CPT)

IN-D Insurance does ICD10 and CPT auto-coding by understanding the disease name and the respective diagnosis by extracting the information from the discharge summary uploaded without a need to set up any template.

## Pre-requisites

You will need the following to proceed

• Active Microsoft Power Automate, Power Apps, Logic Apps account <br />
• You need an API key to access the connector which you can get from IN-D One portal.

### Supported Operations

• ICD10 Auto-coding - From Disease Name : Automatically does ICD10 coding when given the disease name as the input.<br />
• ICD10 Auto-coding - From Discharge Summary Document : Smartly understand the disease from a Discharge Summary document without the need to set up any templates beforehand and does ICD10 auto-coding. <br />
• Highlight disease and medical terms - From Discharge Summary Document : Automatically highlights the disease and other medical terms in a discharge summary document once    uploaded. <br />
• CPT Auto-coding - From Discharge Summary Document : Smartly understand the Diagnosis from a Discharge Summary document without the need to set up any templates beforehand and does CPT auto-coding.<br />
• Highlight diagnosis and medical terms - From Discharge Summary Document : Automatically highlights the diagnosis and other medical terms in a discharge summary document once uploaded. <br />
• CPT Auto-coding - From Diagnosis Name : Automatically does CPT coding when given the diagnosis name as the input. <br />

#### How to get credentials

For accessing the connector, you need an API Key which can be obtained from our portal (https://one.in-d.ai). Register your company to create an account. Login and you can always get your API Key generated by clicking Generate button under the KYC product. By default each Key only have 1000 credit points that you can utilize to test the solution. For official implementation and support drop a mail to explore@in-d.ai. We will connect with you in next 24 hours.
