##AgilePoint NX

Use AgilePoint NX API to work with process model and human tasks and perform various business process management actions from Power Automate Flow or Logic Apps.

## Prerequisites

You will need the following to proceed:

- AgilePoint NX OnDemand (public cloud), or AgilePoint NX PrivateCloud or AgilePoint NX OnPremises v8.0 or higher.
- A Microsoft Power Apps or Power Automate plan


## Supported Operations

The connector supports the following operations:

### Actions

- `Complete System Task` : Completes the specified system activity (automatic work item).
- `Start Process Instance` : Creates a process instance for a specified process instance ID and parameters.
- `Save Data` : Sets a list of process attribute (custom attributes) to the specified values for a specified custom attribute ID.
- `Get Data` : Retrieves a process attribute (custom attribute) with the specified process attribute ID and process attribute name.
- `Generate New Guid` : Retrieves the UUID generated by AgilePoint Server.
- `Get Process Instance` : Retrieves information about a specified process instance.
- `Get User` : Retrieves the profile information for the specified registered user.
- `Complete Human Task` : Completes the specified human task (manual work item), and changes its status to Completed in the database.
- `Get Process Models` : Retrieves all versions of all process models (process definitions).

### Trigger

- `When a process instance is started`: Trigger When AgilePoint Process Instance Started.
- `When a trigger flow process activity is executed`: Trigger By AgilePoint Activity.

