# IN-D Payables
IN-D Payables process invoices to extract only the useful details like invoice numbers, PO number, vendor name, etc., and the line items in the table automatically without a need to input a template. The IN-D Payables, can process multiple invoices at once directly from the source you choose from, and send the relevant fields to the accounting software connected in the flow for accounting purposes in a matter of seconds.

The fields IN-D Payables Connector can extract from an invoice are as follows with respective confidence score:
- Invoice number
- Invoice date
- PO number
- Vendor name
- Vendor address
- Total
- Subtotal
- Tax
- CGST
- SGST
- IGST
- IMEI Number
- Phone Number
Apart from these attributes, the table data will also get extracted. The type of data that it understands right now includes the following,
- Description or Item name
- Quantity
- Unit Price
- Amount

*For any additional DataPoint to be extracted please connect with us on explore@in-d.ai.

## Prerequisites
You will need the following to proceed</br>
• Active Microsoft Power Automate, Power Apps, Logic Apps account</br>
• You need an API key to access the connector which you can get from IN-D One portal.

### Supported Operations

* invoice Process : Process invoices to extract only the useful details like invoice numbers, PO number, vendor name, etc., and the line items in the table automatically without a need to input a template.</br>
* validated batches : The List of batches validated so far</br>
* Export validated data : Export validated invoice data using particular batch id.
=======
• invoice Process : This action process invoices to extract only the useful details like invoice numbers, PO number, vendor name, etc., and the line items in the table automatically without a need to input a template. The IN-D Payables, can process multiple invoices at once directly from the source you choose from, and send the relevant fields to the accounting software connected in the flow for accounting purposes in a matter of seconds.


### How to get credentials
For accessing the connector, you need an API Key which can be obtained from our portal (https://one.in-d.ai). Register your company to create an account. Login and you can always get your API Key generated by clicking Generate button under the Payables product. By default each Key only have 1000 credit points that you can utilize to test the solution. For official implementation drop a mail to explore@in-d.ai. We will connect with you in next 24 hours.
