

## DocumentsCorePack Connector
DocumentsCorePack is a fast & simple document generation based on Microsoft Dynamics 365 data.
Based on MS Word-templates, DocumentsCorePack provides you with a set of tools to create and process documents effectively. From a document generation wizard that guides users through the process to full document automation - DocumentsCorePack will make your business documents look professional and help you to process them efficiently!
The DocumentsCorePack Connector brings this functionality to Power Automate and Flows.
[Details](https://www.mscrm-addons.com/Products/DocumentsCorePack) 



## Pre-requisites

You need to have a Dynamics 365 or Dataverse environment. 

First of all, you need to [Create an Account](https://www.mscrm-addons.com/My-Account?returnurl=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.mscrm-addons.com%2FMy-Account).

Get the API Key for your environment:
- [Create a DocumentsCorePack Service](https://www.mscrm-addons.com/Products/DocumentsCorePack/ServiceConfiguration)
- [Optain the API-Key](https://www.mscrm-addons.com/Portals/0/Blog/DCP_CustomConnector_HowTo/c1_obtainAPIKey.PNG)


## API documentation
The API documentation can be found [here](https://support.mscrm-addons.com)


## Supported Operations

 - **CreateDocumentJob:** This function creates a new document job and waits for the result for up to [TimeOut] seconds.
 - **CreateDocumentJobAsync:** This function creates a new document job.. Attention! The function does NOT wait for a result.
 - **CreateDocumentJobXmlBased:** This function creates a new document job and waits for the result for up to [TimeOut] seconds.
 - **CreateDocumentJobXmlBasedAsync:** This function creates a new document job. Attention! The function does NOT wait for a result.
 - **DocumentJobResult:** Retrieves a DocumentJobs status information. The result will include the result document, if the job is finished.
 - **DocumentJobStatus:** Retrieves the status of a DocumentJob. Dynamics 365 state/statuscode rules apply.
 - **IsServiceAlive:** returns true, if the service has been responsive recently, false, if not.
 - **ping:** Verifies, that the API endpoint is currently accessible. Does not require API Key.
 - **PrintDocumentJob:** Print a Document generated by a DocumentJob. Attention! The documentjob must already be finished.
 - **PrintFile:** Prints a file supplied as base64 encoded string. Supported file-formats are PDF and DOCX.
 - **SendEmail:** Send the specified email.
 - **whoami:** Returns information about the currently used API Key and assoicated Service.
 - **AttachDocumentJobToEmail:** Attach the file generated by a DocumentJob as attachment to a Dynamics 365 email.
 - **AttachDocumentJobToNote:** Attach the file generated by a DocumentJob as a note to a Dynamics 365 entity. Attention! The documentjob must already be finished.
 - **AttachFileToEmail:** Attach the file supplied as base64 string as attachment to a Dynamics 365 email.
 - **AttachFileToNote:** Attach the file supplied as base64 string as a note to a Dynamics 365 entity. Attention! The documentjob must already be finished.
 - **ConcatenateDocumentJobs:** Concatenate two files (pdf,docx) generated by two document jobs.
 - **ConcatenateFiles:** Concatenates two supplied files (pdf,docx).
 - **GetAllTemplates:** This function returns a list of available DocumentsCorePack Templates.
 - **GetCombineTypes:** This function returns a list of supported CombineTypes for DocumentsCorePack.
 - **GetConcatenationOutputTypes:** This function returns a list of supported ResultTypes for Concatenation.
 - **GetDCPActions:** This function returns a list of supported actions for DocumentsCorePack.
 - **GetEntityNames:** This function returns a list of all Dynamics 365 entities, that support annotations.
 - **GetFileTypes:** This function returns a list of supported filetype for DocumentsCorePack.
 - **GetPrinters:** Retrieve available printer names, optionally filtered by user.
 - **GetSingleTemplate:** This function returns the first of the filtered DocumentsCorePack Templates.
 - **GetUsers:** Get a list of dynamics users.
 - **GetXmlBasedFileTypes:** This function returns a list of supported filetype for DocumentsCorePack XmlBased generation.
 

 If you have question send an email to support@mscrm-addons.com
