# BillsPLS

BillsPLS enables your Power Automate flow to process the receipts/bills to extract only the useful details like vendor name, total, date, etc., categorize the bill into different categories like food, travel, etc. based on the line items in the receipts and detects
the currency from the bill. The BillsPLS Connector, when called on a loop, can process millions of receipts submitted by your employees to the accounts payable department for reimbursement in a matter of seconds and helps in generating reports and analyse the
expenditure patterns at various levels.

## Pre-requisites

You will need the following to proceed</br>
• Active Microsoft Power Automate, Power Apps, Logic Apps account</br>
• You need an API key to access the connector which you can get from IN-D One portal.

### Supported Operations

• Receipts Process : Process the receipts/bills to extract only the useful details like vendor name, total, date, etc., categorize the bill into different categories like food, travel, etc. based on the line items in the receipts and detects the currency from the bill.

#### How to get credentials

For accessing the connector, you need an API Key which can be obtained from our portal (one.in-d.ai). Register your company to create an account. Login and you can always get your API Key generated by clicking Generate button under the Receipts product. By default each Key only have 1000 credit points that you can utilize to test the solution. For official implementation and support drop a mail to explore@in-d.ai. We will connect with you in next 24 hours.
