## Xpertdoc Connector

Xpertdoc enables business users to simplify, optimize and automate consistent document generation processes, leveraging Microsoft Dynamics 365 and external data sources as well as seamless integrations to leading applications. Our robust and user-friendly features let you easily create, generate, manage, store, deliver and e-sign business-critical documents like quotes, proposals, contracts, invoices and more without code.

## Pre-requisites

You need to have access to an Xpertdoc Smart Flows project. If you would like to get a free trial, simply click [here](https://www.xpertdoc.com/en/get-free-trial-document-generation/).

## How to get credentials

To obtain the API key from your project, you can follow [these instructions](https://kb.xpertdoc.com/display/UM/Using+the+API#UsingtheAPI-APIkeys). Once you have your API key, simply use the project URL (Ex: https://\[project\].smartflows.xpertdoc.com/) and the API key you generated when setting up the connection.

## Supported operations

* ```ExecuteDynamicsFlow```: This operation will execute a flow in Smart Flows with the specified Dynamics 365 or Dataverse entity. (You should now use the ExecuteFlow step)
* ```ExecuteFlow```: This operation will execute a flow in Smart Flows.
* ```GetDocuments```: This operation will retrieve the list of documents that were generated by an execution.
* ```DownloadDocument```: This operation will download a document.
* ```GetFlows```: This operation will retrieve a list of flows in Smart Flows.
* ```GetExecutionStatus```: This operation will retrieve the status of the provided execution.

## Support

For further support, please contact support@xpertdoc.com